---
title: "New Vendor Management"
description: "This feature enables to enter complete information of the vendor in the application."
version: ""
module: "Itam"
section: "Vendor Mngmnt New"
page: "New Vendor Management"
breadcrumbs:
  - "Home"
  - ""
  - "Itam"
  - "Vendor Mngmnt New"
  - "New Vendor Management"
---

# New Vendor Management

This feature enables to enter complete information of the vendor in the application.

Primary Details:

Enter the name of the vendor in the Name box.

Enter additional and or complete information of the vendor in the Description box.

Enter the phone number of the vendor in the Phone box.

Enter the fax number of the vendor in the Fax box.

Click Add to select, and update Vendor Manager.

Vendor Manager window displays:

Enter the search criteria in the given text box, and then click ??

Results are displayed based on the search criteria:

Select the required vendor, and then click Save.

Select the required type of the vendor from the Vendor Type drop down.

Check Vendor option.

Check Manufacturer option if the corresponding Vendor is a manufacturer of the product as well.


Record Details:

Select name of the vendor company residing country from the Country drop down.

Select name of the vendor residing state/province of the corresponding country from the State/Province dropdown.

Enter the name of the vendor residing city in the City box.

Enter street number or name of the corresponding city in the Street box.

Enter postal code of the entered city name in the Zip/Postal Code.

Enter website address/URL of the vendor company in the Website box.

Enter geographical details of the vendor company in the Latitude, and Longitude box.

Enter a symbol representing vendor's stock in the Stock Symbol box.


Financial Details

Enter total profit gained by the vendor for the financial year in the Profit($) box expressed in US Dollars.

Enter the price of the vendor company stock price in the Stock Price($) box expressed in US Dollars.

Enter the total number of employees present in the vendor's company in the Number of Employees box.

Enter details of trading performed by the vendor publicly in the Publicly Traded box.

Enter total revenue generated by the vendor company in the Revenue per Year($) box.

Enter market value of the vendor traded its outstanding shares in the Market Cap($) box.

Note: It is equal to the share price multiplied by the number of shares outstanding.

Click Add to update Vendor Management details in the application.

 
