---
title: "Purchase Order"
description: "Use this feature to configure the details of the purchase of products or services."
version: ""
module: "Itam"
section: "Procurement"
page: "Purchase Order"
breadcrumbs:
  - "Home"
  - ""
  - "Itam"
  - "Procurement"
  - "Po"
  - "Purchase Order"
---

# Purchase Order

Use this feature to configure the details of the purchase of products or services.

In the navigation pane, select **ITAM > Procurement > Purchase Order**. The Purchase Order window displays.

New Purchase Order

From the *Select Actions* drop-down list, select **New Purchase Order**. The New Purchase Order window displays.

Complete the fields, referring to the sections below.

When all selections/entries are made, click **Add**

### Purchase Order Fields

- **Purchase Order Number**. Enter the purchase order number. This is a required field.
- **Purchase Order Date**. Click the **calendar icon** and select the date/time.
- **Vendor**. Enter the name of the vendor.
- **Assigned To**. Click **Add**, then search for and select the applicable user.
- **Ship To**. Click **Add**, then search for and select the receiver.
- **Bill To Location**. Click **Add**, then search for and select the location where the bill should be sent.
- **Status**. Click the drop-down list and select a *Status* for the purchase order, such as Ordered, Received, etc.
- **Description**. Enter information about this purchase order.

### General Fields

- **Shipping**. Click the drop-down list and select the shipping speed.
- **Terms**. Click the drop-down list and select the terms for invoicing, such as 30 days, 60 days, etc.
- **Ship Rate**. Enter the shipping rate in a currency amount.
- **Total Cost**. Enter the total cost of shipping and billing.

### Details Fields

- **Initial Request**. Enter the reason for the initial request for this purchase order.
- **Contract**. Click **Add**, then search for and select the applicable contract.
- **Requested by**. Click **Add**, then search for and select the applicable user.
- **Department**. Click **Add,** then search for and select the applicable department.
- **Budget Number**. Enter the purchase order budget number.
- **Vendor Account**. Enter the vendor's account number.
- Received.Select this checkbox only when all purchase order line items for this purchase order have been fully received. Leave it unchecked to record partial receipts by line.
- **Requested Date**. Enter the date/time the items on the purchase order were requested.
- **Expected Delivery Date**. Enter the date/time the purchase order items should be delivered.
- **Ordered On**. Enter the date/time the order was placed.

Edit Requested Item Delete Requested Item
